welcome to the falcon and the winter
soldier episode two
graham so we take a look at john walker
a u.s army soldier who's got a lot of
expectations on his shoulders with a
little support from his misses he's been
drilled silly through senator meetings
and press briefings
and wants to do his best so for now he's
mostly a marketing tool
just like the early days of the first
avenger but he's a soldier with three
medals of honor whose physical training
may not be super strength
but is far above human average he seems
like a good guy
even if the ex-girlfriend club is
feeling moody
bucky is angry at sam for giving up the
shield but
the falcon is busy looking into the flag
smashers so they both fly over to
germany and try
to out macho each other with stupid
displays to prove which one of them
really loved steve rogers for most
they locate the enhanced group who is on
the move and bucky sprints in for a look
at the medical cargo
but the flag smashers are able to keep
pace with the white wolf of wakanda
and even break redwing but the new
captain america and his boyfriend
drop in to offer support leaving
everyone feeling a little conflicted
the fight doesn't go well however and
the enhanced strength terrorists are on
some kind of super serum and the exes
have to bail
and although john walker keeps an eye
out for his friends
they too are repelled and everyone gets
an uncomfortable lift back to the
airport
jw wants some respect his job is to help
the global repatriation council
get the displaced unsnapping refugees
back on their feet
and into the system which is why they're
trying to stop
the flag smashers who would prefer a
return to anarchy
but sam isn't looking to join forces and
bucky straight up
wants to take the shield back from them
they head over to baltimore where bucky
meets an old enemy of his
from the korean war called isaiah a man
who's managed to fend the hydra assassin
off back in the day
because it turns out the us had made
other quiet
attempts at super soldiers but back then
they locked up isaiah after his mission
instead of praising him and instead
victimized him with years of
experimenting in prison
making sam furious but bucky is arrested
before they can investigate further
for missing one of his
government-mandated therapy sessions
so as part of the bail hosted by jw they
get to attend a couple's therapy session
where dr kramer tells them to get in
close
and speak their truth you see if steve
trusted sam with the shield
and he was wrong about that then maybe
steve was
also wrong about believing in bucky but
the shield is none of his business
and they both feel awful outside the new
captain and his mate omar
are still super keen to be friends but
he finally gets
the hint from bucky that it's not gonna
happen john walker is a government agent
who has to follow their rules
something steve fought against during
civil war unlike
bucky and sam who get to act a bit more
flexibly
as free agents meanwhile the flag
smashers led by carly morgenfore
make it to a safe house because it seems
there are a lot of people in the world
who believe
in their cause seeing them as freedom
fighters who experience the whole world
as being
finally unified after the horror of
thanos is snapping and
view the global repatriation council as
being just another system designed to
keep people divided again
and return the previous corrupt leaders
back to their positions of power
but she might be on the run from a third
party
they remain on the move with their cargo
and managed to escape the authorities
once more
thanks to one of their members who
sacrifices himself for his ideals and in
order to give the rest of them time to
fly away
and short of any other leads regarding
the super soldier program
falcon and the winter soldier go to meet
with the one man
who is responsible for successfully
breaking the avengers
apart back in phase three former
sokovian
intelligence officer helmut zemo
oh my god so thanks a lot for watching
and make sure that you've hit the
subscribe button
let me know what you think in the
comments below and for any other shows
we need to be cramming
i'll see you next time so take care